ow what Node is or how it works. You eventually get stuck and reach out to the instructor, but you get no reply. You then close the course and never open it again.

Sound familiar?

I created this course to be what I wanted when I was learning Node.

The Complete Node.js Developer Course covers the fundamentals of Node before diving deep into great tools like Express, Mongoose, and MongoDB.

The entire course is based around a single goal: Turning you into a professional Node developer capable of developing, testing, and deploying real-world production applications.

The best way to learn Node is by building Node apps.

From the very start you’ll be programming every project and working through challenges that I’ve designed to reinforce what you’ve learned. This will give you the hands-on experience necessary to be able to create and launch your own project once you’re done.

You’ll be building four projects:

1. A note-taking app to get your feet wet

2. A weather application that interacts with the MapBox and Dark Sky APIs

3. A task manager REST API complete with user accounts and authentication

4. A real-time chat app with a client-side companion

By the end, you’ll be able to take what you’ve learned and launch your own Node application.

When learning, learn the latest.

I work to keep this course full of the most up-to-date Node material out there. This course is compatible with the latest Node.js version.

You’re getting access to hot-off-the-press features.

Everything you need comes in one easy-to-use package.

You can stop worrying if you’re learning the right skills to build an app or land a new job. I’ve curated all the tech that’s essential to building real-world apps. I’ve mapped out everything in a comprehensive, easy-to-follow package designed to get you up and running in a few weeks.

There’s no better time to learn Node.

According to the 2016 Stack Overflow Survey, Node is in the top ten for back-end popularity and back-end salary, with an average salary of $85k. This means more jobs and more opportunities for you.

You might get stuck. But I’m here to help.

There’s nothing worse than getting five hours into a course, getting stuck, and not getting the help you need to continue.

I’m in the Q&A everyday to help you get unstuck. I reply to every question to get you back on track.

Don’t take my word for it. Check the reviews and see what other students are saying.

“Any questions people seem to have are answered swiftly, clearly, and often with examples posted on GitHub. Even when the questions asked are out of the scope of the course Andrew seems to come up trumps.” – Adam Tait

“This is amazing. What’s even better is the instructor answered all the questions I asked.” – Pak Chu

“The real value in this course is Andrew; he is not just a great teacher, but also he’s quick to answer questions and provide feedback.” – Nick Hester

I guarantee this is the most up-to-date and engaging Node course available, and it comes with a 30-day money-back guarantee.

During eight chapters you’ll learn:

1. Node.js

2. Npm

3. Asynchronous programming

4. ES6/ES7

5. MongoDB

6. Express

7. Socket.IO

8. JWT Authentication

9. Mongoose

10. File and image uploads

11. Email sending

12. Application deployment with Heroku

13. Version control with Git

14. GitHub

15. REST API Design

16. Code testing

17. Debugging

18. Jest

19. Many more tools

I can’t wait to see you on the inside!

– Andrew
Who this course is for:

    Anyone looking to launch their own Node applications, switch careers, or freelance as a Node developer

Requirements

    A computer on which you can install software (Windows, MacOS, or Linux)
    A basic understanding of JavaScript (variables, functions, objects, arrays, if statements)

Last Updated 3/2021
Download Links

Direct Download

    The Complete Node.js Developer Course (3rd Edition).zip (12.3 GB)

Torrent Download

    The Complete Node.js Developer Course (3rd Edition).torrent (219 KB) | Mirror

Post navigation
Previous Post Previous post:
Tailwind CSS : The Complete Guide (Project Included)
Next Post Next post:
The Ultimate Docker Course
You might also like
CSS Tips
CSS Tips
August 27, 2021
Learn German for Beginners: An Immersive Language Journey A1+
Learn German for Beginners: An Immersive Language Journey A1+
July 11, 2021
The SQL Database With Java - Build Your First Desktop App
The SQL Database With Java – Build Your First Desktop App
February 1, 2022
Leave a Reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Website

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

Notify me of follow-up comments by email.

Notify me of new posts by email.

Search for:
Join Us on Telegram
Subscribe to Blog via Email

Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email.

Email Address

Top Posts

    Build 25 Real World Machine Learning Project In 2022
    Build 25 Real World Machine Learning Project In 2022
    Typescript & React JS Course with React & Typescript Project
    Typescript & React JS Course with React & Typescript Project
    How to Program: Computer Science Concepts and Python Exercises
    How to Program: Computer Science Concepts and Python Exercises
    Build a SMS service w/ AWS Lambda, Node/Express & Mongo
    Build a SMS service w/ AWS Lambda, Node/Express & Mongo
    Red Hat Enterprise Linux 8 Essential Training
    Red Hat Enterprise Linux 8 Essential Training
    React Responsive Portfolio Website - Complete React Project
    React Responsive Portfolio Website - Complete React Project
    SQL for Data Analysis: Beginner MySQL Business Intelligence
    SQL for Data Analysis: Beginner MySQL Business Intelligence
    .NET Microservices: CQRS & Event Sourcing with Kafka
    .NET Microservices: CQRS & Event Sourcing with Kafka
    OWASP top 10: Web Application Security for beginners
    OWASP top 10: Web Application Security for beginners
    The Complete JavaScript Course 2022: From Zero to Expert!
    The Complete JavaScript Course 2022: From Zero to Expert!

Recent Posts

    IT Concepts and Terminology
    Build a SMS service w/ AWS Lambda, Node/Express & Mongo
    Build 25 Real World Machine Learning Project In 2022
    Best Way to Learn German Language: Advancing Beginner (A2.2)
    .NET Microservices: CQRS & Event Sourcing with Kafka

